 o Sharing interfaces between between 'build' and 'image' components must
   to be disallowed.  The compilers may be different, and their set of
   include directories should not intersect.
 o Add new target which reports on build space used per component
 o document that component.makefile is run in the directory where the
   configuration file is stored.  XXX Is this still true?
 o If debugging enabled, component.makefile should warn on undefined
   variables.
 o Need to be able to specify include directories in the install
   directory so that components can use them.  Or, should this be in
   the component.makefile?  This boils down being able to install
   things in a standard directory structure that is automatically
   accessible to all components.  CFLAGS could be pre-populated with
   "-I<install-sysroot>/usr/include".
 o What about Windows toolchains?
 o Add lmsbw_ prefix to functions
 o Need document on adding a new 'kind' of component.
 o Add 'gdb' verb to load a component's binary output in gdb.
 o Remove TARBALL repository.
 o The help message for lmsbw is horrible.
 o Error messages should print component names for disambiguation.
 o Figure out why generate-rules.mk causes errors when put in
   lmsbw-system.mk.
 o Document that global toolchain settings can be harmful when cross
   compiling.  Components built for use in the build process will be
   built with the global compiler, and thus be unusable.
 o Document LMSBW_C_TOOLCHAINS_ROOT, and LMSBW_C_TOOLCHAIN
 o Support LDFLAGS wrapping per-component.
 o Figure out why error occurs if assignment to __dsm in declare_source_component() is removed.
 o Would using a SHA  the source-api-mtree-manifest make it more robust?
   (No way to change API, and change it back and *not* rebuild
   everything; must clean dependent components...)
 o Document that subordinate Makefiles must not refer to absolute pathnames.
   This will violate the rule that the source is inviolable, and messes up
   all checking of source directory changes using mtree.
 o Document 'measure-startup-time' target.  Useful for measuring startup time.
 o Document that the install directory for a project uses the full
   pathname of the configuration file in the hash.  If you have
   projects with different SKUs, but the SKUs have exactly the same
   components, only with compile-time differences in the components,
   you can force different install directories by having different
   configuration files.
 o document how tools that are part of the build are found & run
 o Need test which verifies that the report system does not change WRT
   regexp parsing of the output.
 o Document that overriding the default rules does not impose any
   dependencies.  You need to provide depdnecies to get a sync done on
   the source.
 o One could imagine an extension to the component system.  A plugin
   for subdirectory makefiles which would has CFLAGS, the relative
   pathname and the contents of the source file.  The hash would be
   sent to an official build server asking if an object file for that
   configuration exists on the build server.  If it does, the object
   file is returned.  If it does not exist, then it should be built
   locally.
 o Besides 'destdir.component' directory output rule, add 'install', build', 
 o How does the rest of the build use 'build'-built components?  There
   is no facility for knowing where they are installed.  Probably
   component.makefile needs a 'build install directory' variable.
 o Disallow declaring toolchain attribute on 'build'-reasoned components?
 o Sample to wrap linux kernel & a small driver.  Cross compile it.
 o Provide a mechanism to get an mtree manifest of the final install
   directory.
